so after terry got shot in the first
episode there was always going to be
revenge in the second as terry laid in
hospital which was in the streets
looking for the guy who was responsible
for shooting his brother but this is
where lamar silas really uses to his
advantage as we know from last week he's
a ruthless gangster and someone who took
advantage of this whole situation with
terry being shot put the word out that
it was james responsible for putting the
hit on terry b miki put him down while
lamar paul flemel down and now we could
see lamar climbing his way back up to
the throne but we're gonna talk all
things episode 2 in this review and
recap but of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything bmf and
power universe related but this episode
started with big meech telling us that
benz's was the [ __ ] in the 80s tea got
his before he was even old enough to
drive when he got shot i got my gun and
said i'm ready for whatever and this is
where the episode kicked off with meech
and his benz with mitch telling us that
him and his brother they wanted to be
like the chambers brothers and the yba
young boys incorporated with a big drug
organization back in detroit when it
emerged in the late 1970s and it's
because they were the first crew in the
city to only hire kids they had money
women whips but more than anything they
had respect and that's what mitch and
terry wanted at a very young age
especially respect mitch was going to do
everything he could do to protect his
brother because he feels as if it's his
duty to protect his baby brother so we
saw him running through the hospital
with a peace in hand until he runs into
detective brian who of course does
favors for meech and gets laced in cash
in return just like he did him another
favor towards the end of this episode
when he bought j-mo to meech which we'll
get to later on in this video but me
sees just how bad his brother's looking
and terry thinks his time is coming he's
then rushed into surgery twice but the
true story behind this is the hospital
actually botched up his surgery and this
resulted in terry losing his eye because
as chad said to the doctor his vision
was fine before he went in for a second
surgery so somebody messed it up and
they definitely made a mistake and the
money he got as a cash settlement was
then used to start a private car rental
company which they then used to
transport money drugs through their
hidden compartments just like we saw
with b mickey towards the end of this
episode but why mitch was at the
hospital for the brief period that he
was this is where his mom's lucille and
charles threw all the blame on meech and
just as i said in my previous
predictions video that as the older
brother your parents will hold you
responsible for what happens to your
younger brother especially if you've
dragged them into their life that you're
in and their baby sister nicole even
lies for them telling her parents that
she doesn't know anything about terry
being in business with meech but all
this conflict wasn't going to stop me
from trying to protect his family and
finding out who shot his brother he had
his soldiers watching his family while
he went out looking for whoever was
responsible for shooting tea and the
first person that he stepped to was
kwame but he quickly realized that kwame
wasn't the one behind the hit and we
don't actually know who was behind the
hit just yet but lamar silas was back in
town and he wanted to take back what he
believed to be his and we actually
learned that he has a history with slick
from j-mo's crew from back in the day
when they used to call him pm but
lamar's crew fell apart back in the day
when he went inside slick tried to hold
it down as best he could but he had no
product and he had to work for the
person who did and this is where the
12th street boys came in but lamar
silas's play here definitely wasn't to
work on no corners he wanted to be back
on top of the game on his throne and
this is why he planted the information
that he had jmo put the hit on terry
because in the hood rumors passed around
fast as the older mages narration told
us and this information didn't take too
long to reach his way to meech and to
meet you did make sense because as we
saw in the last episode terry did pull a
strap on them but b miki tells meech
that he needs to find a better way to
communicate with jmo but he shuts b
mickey down not for the first time in
this episode and he tells him just to
move the stash and as i said before i
really wouldn't be surprised if we saw a
falling out with b mickey because him
being a third in command sooner or later
he's gonna be done with taking orders
from meech and terry especially being
shut down a number of times in this
episode just like how the two brothers
want to be kings of their own [ __ ] and
come out from working on the pet there
are some others who are happy working on
the corners then you get the others who
are more ambitious just like b mickey
but after meech found out apparently jmo
put out the hit on his brother even
though b miki told him that they should
communicate things a little different
with him he was trying to find a way to
sort this out without starting a war and
something that wouldn't result in bodies
piling up because if they would seek
revenge it's just going to be a constant
back and forth between the two crews and
that's not good for anyone it's going to
end up with bodies dropping people being
locked up and it's just going to be bad
for business all together and this is
why he stepped up to fl which was a very
smart move because he was trying to take
out the 12th street boys from inside he
wanted them to work together because he
said he's all about business and money
and he was giving an opportunity to make
even more money than he was making and
all he had to do was help him take out
the one person who was holding them both
back so he could become top dog but this
was for mel he was loyal to jmo because
they went to school together and they've
been boys since they were kids but this
starts to raise questions within the 50
boys when they start to question b
mickey why me chosen pop jamo and they
were saying if he ain't gonna ride for
his own brother then what makes them
think that he's gonna back them up and
this makes me mickey tell me that they
need to dead jaimo but the thing is
nobody is even sure that he was
responsible for putting the hit on terry
they're just acting on the word on the
street which lamar cleverly put out but
because the word on the street was
people think that james was responsible
he had to respond but as i said before
mitch wanted to find a way which would
have resulted in bodies piling up and
people getting locked up and this was
the second time in the episode where
meech told me mickey to do what he
[ __ ] said now be me kid's third in
command for a reason he told him earlier
on in this episode never to hire goons
and because they did they lost the rec
center because the 12th street boys
bought them off and moved the 50 boys
off their posts and they needed to make
a move and as i said before there will
come a time where he wouldn't listen to
me so let's talk about jaymore being
dropped and detective brian coming in
with yet another favor for meege
bringing j-mo to him but just before he
handed jaime over to him he told him
just ruffled his feathers nothing else
and as we learned from detective brian's
character description the question is
how long can a person protecting and
serving his community continue to play
both sides of the fence so the fact that
jmo got popped in this situation after
detective bryant specifically told meech
not to it's going to be another issue
for mich but miesh tells jmo that this
doesn't have anything to do with the
move that he made on the rec center it
was about terry but as pat told him in
the last episode that if anybody tries
to step on your toes you gotta back them
the hell up and meech was doing just
that but jmu said he ain't got [ __ ] to
do with what happened with terry it was
just lamar cleverly planting
misinformation because he knew that
meech would have no choice but to
respond otherwise he'd look weak if he
didn't but mitch was never going to pull
the trigger because as he said before
dead bodies equals the war as well as
people getting locked up but b miki did
pull the trigger and this is the problem
here with b mickey which i raised
earlier on in this video he wants to
start making decisions but meech told
him as long as he's running [ __ ] he
ain't making any calls and while lamar
planted the information which resulted
in mitch and b mickey killing james for
lamar he dealt with lamel lamar really
is crazy he's willing to do anything to
get back to the way things were before
he went inside and now he really has a
clear path after jaime and flamel were
killed in the mature moments and i do
think lamar has an even more violent and
crazy side to him and we haven't even
touched the surface with what he's
capable of so this is definitely just
the beginning with this character but
elsewhere in this episode we saw lamar
he didn't have it all his way in this
episode because he went to go see his
daughter zoe but she didn't want
anything to do with him and he took the
advice that slick gave him after he told
him that he needs to be a little more
refined there was nicole who's meech's
younger sister who feels like the
attention is always on the two brothers
and her mum and dad couldn't even
remember her field trip he gives her
some cash and he tells her not to tell
mum or dad but i'm sure this sooner or
later will be found just like the gun
was and it'll cause yet another
disagreement especially between charles
and meech we saw lucille telling meech
to stop dealing drugs because he's just
going to end up with him either being
dead or in jail and a mother's love can
only go so far but when you're in you're
in and that's his choice that he made we
had lucille who was praying for meech
and then we had zoe who was praying for
lamar and these are two characters who
are definitely going to clash again at
some point especially with jaime are now
being taken off the board and there's
also b mickey and cato who will at some
point get together and this is something
that could jeopardize the integrity of
their whole crew so keto and b mickey is
definitely something to keep an eye on
but that was episode two another very
good episode lamar showing us just how
crazy he is and how he's willing to do
anything to get control of the streets
once again there's going to be some
issues with b mickey and this has
already been foreshadowed and not just
with meech but when he gets with cato
which no doubt will happen at some point
but with the rec center being taken by
the 12th street boys mitch and terry are
gonna have to come up with a new idea to
move their product and that's what we're
gonna see next week but let me know what
you guys thought of episode 2 down below
in the comments section let me know what
you guys think about lamar's character
because he really is crazy so drop all
your thoughts down on lamar's character
down below in the comment section but of
course if you're new to the channel you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscribe button if you don't
see everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time